librbd: Improved support for balanced and localized reads (#33493)
ceph/ceph: doc/rbd/rbd-config-ref.rst

:Default: ``none``
:Values: ``none``, ``compressible``, ``incompressible``

``rbd read from replica policy``

> :Description: read replica policy to send to the OSDs on read operations. If set to `balance`, the OSD will attempt to read the data from primary or replica. If set to `localize`, the OSD will attempt to read local data.

Reviewer: Nit: 
```suggestion
:Description: policy for determining which OSD will receive read operations. If set to `default`, the primary OSD will always be used for read operations. If set to `balance`, read operations will be sent to a randomly selected OSD within the replica set. If set to `localize`, read operations will be sent to the closest OSD as determined by the CRUSH map. Note: this feature requires the cluster to be configured with a minimum compatible OSD release of Octopus.
```
